#labels Featured
===System Requirement===

It is assumed to this software to operate with the following mobile device.
 * Symbian S60 3rd Edition FP1(Nokia N82,N95,E71,E90 etc.)
 * Symbian S60 3rd Edition FP2(Nokia N78,N79,N86,E52,E75,Samsung i8510, etc.)
 * Symbian S60 5th Edition(Nokia 5800XpressMusic,N97,Samsung i8910, etc.)

It confirms the operation with the following mobile devices like this software now.
 * Nokia N82(Symbian S60 3rd Edition FP1) and Built-in GPS
 * Nokia N82(Symbian S60 3rd Edition FP1) and Bluetooth GPS(Nokia LD-3W)
 * Nokia N79(Symbian S60 3rd Edition FP2) and Built-in GPS
 * Nokia N79(Symbian S60 3rd Edition FP2) and Bluetooth GPS(Nokia LD-3W)

(In Symbian S60 5th Edition, it confirms the operation only on the emulator.)

===How to install===

 # Please download sis file of the latest version from [http://code.google.com/p/ttgpslogger/downloads/list Downloads].
 # Please sign sis file with [https://www.symbiansigned.com/app/page/public/openSignedOnline.do Open Signed Online].
 # Please uninstall it absolutely if the previous version is installed in a mobile device.
 # Please install signed sis file in a mobile device. 

===How to use===

 # In the setting of "Positioning Method", please select only either "Bluetooth GPS", "Assisted GPS" or "Integrated GPS". The tracking log cannot be output in "Network Based".
 # By "Start" or "Start Now" commands, the GPS logging can be begun. 
 # "Pause" command can pause the GPS logging, and "Resume" command can resume it.
 # "Stop" command can stop the GPS logging. The GPS tracking log file is generated to either of the following folders. It is possible to switch by "Settings" command. 
  * C:(Built-in memory)\Data\Others\TTGPSLogger
  * E:(Memory Card)\Data\Others\TTGPSLogger
 