#summary Summary of settings of this software

===Display Tab===
  * "Measurement system"
  Select "Measurement system" for display notation. (either "Metric" or "Imperial", default "Metric")
  * "Coordinate format"
  Select "Coordinate format" for display notation. (either "DDD째MM'SS.SS", "DDD째MM.MMMM" or "DDD.DDDDD째", default "DDD째MM'SS.SS")
  * "Items"
  Select the display items. ("Longitude", "Latitude", "Altitude", etc.)
  * "Shortcuts"
  Select whether to use Keyboard shortcuts. (default "Enabled")

===Output Tab===
  * "Autostart"
  Select whether to begin the GPS logging automatically when this software is started.  (default "Disabled")
  * "Memory in use"
  Select the memory with which the GPS tracking file is generated. The file is generated to either of the following folders. (default C:(Built-in memory))
    - C:(Built-in memory)\Data\Others\TTGPSLogger
    - E:(Memory Card)\Data\Others\TTGPSLogger
  * "Intervals"
  "none"/"1"/"5"/"10"/"15"/"20"/"30"/"60"
  * "Horizontal distance"
  "none"/"10"/"20"/"25"/"50"/"100"/"200"/"250"/"500"/"1000"
  * "Auto pause(H.Speed)(Speed)(H.Acc)(HDOP)(PDOP)"
===NMEA Tab===
  * "File Name(Ext)"
  Input the extension name of the GPS tracking file(NMEA format).
  * "Sentences"
  "GPGGA"/"GPGLL"/"GPGSA"/"GPGST"/"GPGSV"/"GPRMC"/"GPVTG"/"GPZDA"/"Other"
===GPX Tab===
  * "File Name(Ext)"
  Input the extension name of the GPS tracking file(GPX format).
  * "Tags"
  Select child elements of the {{{<trkpt>}}} element. ("time", "ele", "course", etc.)

===KML Tab===
  * "File Name(Ext)"
  Input the extension name of the GPS tracking file(KML format).
  * "Placemark(Name)"
  Select the element's content of the {{{<Name>}}} tag, which is child element of the{{{<Placemark>}}} tag. (either "None", "Point", "TimeStamp(UTC)", or "TimeStamp(Local)". default "Point")
  * "Placemark(Description)"
  Select the element's contents of the {{{<Description>}}} tag, which is child element of the {{{<Placemark>}}} tag.  ("Longitude", "Latitude", "Altitude", etc.)